Software Tester
ROBERT SMITH

Phone: (123) 456 78 99 
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.

Objective
Around 7 years of software testing experience with thorough knowledge of project & software life 
cycle methodologies. Led a testing team of 23 members which involved teams from both offshore 
and onshore. Developed and implemented numerous testing guidelines and principles which have 
led to successful collaborative projects. An accomplished software tester with professionalism and 
enthusiasm. 
Skills

SDLC Customer Service Scripting & Programming.
Work Experience
Software Tester
ABC CorporationSeptember 2007  May 2013 
Maintained all the business requirements in Quality Center.
Managed, documented and controlled all the test scenarios, test cases, and expected results 
Tracked change request activities associated with software development, including 
Wrote QTP scripts from scratch using VB Script to automate the functional tests and utilized 
Prepared the traceability matrix to make sure all the requirements are adequately covered 

in Quality Center.
enhancements, defects, and documentation modifications using Quality Center.
various checkpoints in the script.
Attended Bug Scrub Agile meetings every week.
Involved in black box testing, functional testing, integration testing, system testing, data 
integrity testing, regression testing and end-to-end testing.
solutions.


Collaborated with the Scrum Agile team and product owners to develop high-quality testing 

Software Tester
ABC Corporation2003  2007 
The purpose of this project is to implement an enhanced &quot;Michigan Hospital Market 
Product&quot; designed to meet the unique needs of hospitals, as employer groups, and 
provide the necessary flexibility and efficiency needed to manage customer-defined 
&quot;domestic&quot; provider networks and a variety of tiered product design options.

This is a Web Application developed for tracking the customer detail status.
The MHMP web application is developed for the customer to view their online activity from the
parent level through the sub location level.
MHMP provides a flexible architecture that facilitates the creation of an interactive web site 
where the customers can view Orders, Invoices, Customer Order Summary, Customer Detail 
Summary, Inventory and View Reports.
Detected Defects, Communicated to the developers using Bug Reporting Tool and Tracking the
Defects using Quality Center Extensively used Quality Center for test.

Responsibilities Actively involved in performing functionality, unit and integration tests 

 This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage

Guidelines

Executed the Batch Process scripts using the Test Batch Runner in QTP Analyzed the user 

Tested Web Services and XML using SoapUI Developed test plans, test cases, test scenarios 
using the Quality Center and prepared test data and prepared Test Cases for GUI application 
Converted manual test scripts to automated test scripts in Quick Test.
requirements and interacted with system architect, developers and business users 
Participated in Walkthroughs and Defect report meetings periodically EnvironmentJava/J2EE, 
QuickTestProfessional(QTP), QualityCenter9.0, MSOffice, Oracle, JavaScript, XML, WebServices,
SOAPUI, SQL, Unix.

Education
BS in Mathematics - (Osmania University - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh)

 This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage

Guidelines

