 

 

SQL skills 
 
Sybase  

Oracle DBA 
 
Data cleansing 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

Data Warehouse tools 
 
 

Microsoft SQL Server 2000  
2005 - 2008 
 
Disaster recovery 

 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL  
 
 
Microsoft Certified 
 
Database Administrator 
 
ISEB Certificate in Data 
Protection 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
 
 
Susan Greene 
34 Anywhere Road 
 
Coventry  
 
CV6 7RF 
 
 
 
T: 02476 888 5544 
 
M: 0887 222 9999 
E: susan.g@emaladdress.co.uk 
 
 
DOB: 12/09/1985 
Driving license:  Yes 
Nationality: British 
 

Attention to detail 
 
Good analytical skills 
 
Goals orientated 
 
 

PERSONAL SKILLS 

Susan Greene 
Database administrator     

 

 

PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 
An experienced IT professional with database & Unix administration skills across 
both Oracle and MS SQL. Having the ability to take the technical lead in projects 
and supporting technical implementation whilst working on multiple products. 
Currently working in a demanding production support environment managing 
large volumes of business critical data. A committed team player, self motivate d 
with the ability to communicate at all levels. 

Presently looking for a suitable database administrator position with a responsible 
company. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
IT Consultancy Firm  Coventry   
DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR          June 2008 - Present 

Responsible for the technical and administration aspects of the companies Oracle 
and SQL Database infrastructure. Also the first point of call for providing 
technical support as well as specialist technical input.  
 
Duties:  

  Installing and maintaining databases.  
  Administration of the database including performance monitoring and tuning.   
  Taking part in the preparation and execution of technical tests. 
  Populating a database with new information or transfer existing data into it.  
  Creating back up copies of data.  
  Daily maintenance of firewall protection and file security. 
  Development of web based interfaces for Oracle databases and web applications.  
  Responsible for database security and also preventing data loss. 
  Identifying and escalating immediately any risks to the database service. 
  Involved in the design of physical database schema, data modeling, and 

performance tuning.  
 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  
 

  Able to effectively communicate technical data to non technical colleagues.   
  Experience of Oracle Application Servers, SAN, NAS, XMLDB. 
  Able to plan the structure of a database. 
  Experience with RAC, ASM, instance tuning and SQL tuning. 
  Have an excellent knowledge of PHP, SQL, XHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  
  Ability to multi task & prioritise under ever changing & challenging workloads. 
  Ability to quickly understand complex problems and devise effective solutions.  
  Experience of working on Oracle 9i/10/g/11g server infrastructures.  
  Knowledge of OEM, Diagnostic, Tuning, Configuration and Change 

Computer Science  

Management Packs. 
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  
 
BSc (Hons) 
Nuneaton University     2005 - 2008   
 
A levels: 
Coventry Central College     2003 - 2005 
 
REFERENCES  Available on request.  

 

Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)  

 

 
Copyright information - Please read 
 This CV template is the copyright of Dayjob Ltd August 2010. Jobseekers may download and use this CV example for their 
own personal use to help them create their own CVs. You are most welcome to link to this page or any other page on our site 
www.dayjob.com.  However these CVs must not be distributed or made available on other websites without our prior 
permission. For any questions relating to the use of this CV template please email: info@dayjob.com.   
 
 

