 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sharad S Sawant 
RESUME SAMPLE 

from Resume Genius 

Email:  youremail@gmail.com 

Phone: 895 555  555 

Address: 4397 Aaron Smith  Drive 
Harrisburg, PA  17101 

Linkedin:  linkedin.com/in/yourprole 

R E S U M E  O B J E CT I V E 

Human Resources Generalist with 6+ years of experience assisting with and fulfilling organization staffing needs 

and requirements. Aiming to use my dynamic communication and organization skills to achieve your HR 

initiatives. Possess a BA in Human Resources Management and a Professional in Human Resources certification. 

 

 
SKILL
 
S 
 

90WPM Typing Speed  Workday 

Kronos 

Conflict Management 

MS Office Suite 

Teamwork 

 

Leadership 

Time Management 

Interpersonal Communication 

Adaptability. 

Public Speaking 

EXPERIENCE 
HR GENERALIST 
Meadow Laboratories, Chicago, IL  /  September 2014 - Present 

 

 

Implemented effective HR policies to ensure all practices are in compliance with labor and 
employment regulations 

Increased employee retention rates above 90% by creating and maintaining a positive work 
environment 

  Developed targeted outreach recruitment programs to recruit more minorities and meet affirmative 

action requirements 

  Created a website with an embedded database and FTP functionality to enable online recruitment 

which has resulted in a 10% reduction in recruitment costs for the organization 

  Manage travel and expense reports for department team members 

HUMAN RESOURCES INTERN 
Trenton Childrens Hospital, Boston, MA  /  June 2012  August 2014 

  Advised prospective employees on various tips and tricks that would assist them in gaining 

employment with the organization 

  Conducted several seminars for hospital employees to update them on employee benefit options 

 

Invited 10+ motivational speakers and industry experts to give lectures and speeches to employees 
on new industry standards and how to build confidence and morale in the workplace 

  Updated 100+ employee records and job assignments daily 

EDUCATION 

B.A. H.R. MANAGEMENT  

A.S. H.R. MANAGEMENT  

CERTIFICATION 

MEMBER 

Miami University, 2012  

Miami University, 2010  

Dear Job Seeker, 

Miami, FL 

Miami, FL 

Professional in Human 
Resources 

Society for Human 
Resource Management 

 

 

 
PLEASE note that you *must* install the font files to make this resume template work. 
Its very simple to do  just follow the instructions in the Read Me file in the Zip file 
you downloaded this template from. 
 
If youre struggling to write your resume, dont worry. Youre in good company  
everyone struggles with it. For a high quality resume that will land you employment, 
we recommend consulting the certified experts at Resume Writer Direct. 
 
Or, heres some other content that might help you finish your resume. 
 

  Free Resume Builder 
  How to Write a Resume 
  Resume Samples by Industry 

 
Oh, and by the way, youre also going to need a cover letter. 
 

  Cover Letter Builder 
  How to Write a Cover Letter 
  Cover Letter Examples by Industry 

 
 

